All exits of Villa Gouza
Never let the villagers run away
Hey, he can't help but think about it.
Killed in the villa
He is afraid of death, he has to have a kind, he will die early
Hmm so late
Why is there another one?
Okay, it must be Chen Bin.
Chen Bin reached the economic materials submitted by Li Hongyi
Send it to me hahaha
Mr. Wang, why are you here in person?
Of course, I'm here to find Mr. Su
look for
What's the emergency with me?
We got a report.
Said that Mr. Su has been for the development of the group over the years
By improper means
Theft of competitors' trade secrets
Qin Hui government officials for a selfish desire
Forcing a good person to become a good person or even killing them
Committed many crimes
This is an arrest warrant.
You are now officially arrested.
Please come back with us.
Cooperate with our investigation
You must be mistaken.
I still have a contribution here, right?
Chen Bin and Song Yuanjiang have been arrested
They both confessed your crimes
The evidence is solid
It's hard to escape this time
Hey, no.